<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" dir="ltr" lang="en-gb" xml:lang="en-gb">
<head>

<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="content-style-type" content="text/css" />
<meta http-equiv="content-language" content="en-gb" />
<meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" />
<meta name="resource-type" content="document" />
<meta name="distribution" content="global" />
<meta name="copyright" content="2000, 2002, 2005, 2007 phpBB Group" />
<meta name="keywords" content="" />
<meta name="description" content="" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />

<title>Irish Whiskey Society Forum &bull; View topic - New Society Merchandise?</title>

<link href="styles/iws/theme/print.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body id="phpbb">
<div id="wrap">
	<a id="top" name="top" accesskey="t"></a>

	<div id="page-header">
		<h1>Irish Whiskey Society Forum</h1>
		<p><br /><a href="index.html">http://forum.irishwhiskeysociety.com/</a></p>

		<h2>New Society Merchandise?</h2>
		<p><a href="viewtopic.php-f=37&amp;t=2349.html">http://forum.irishwhiskeysociety.com/viewtopic.php?f=37&amp;t=2349</a></p>
	</div>

	<div id="page-body">
		<div class="page-number">Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>New Society Merchandise?</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/iws/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Sun Oct 05, 2014 4:25 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>John</strong></div>
				<div class="content">Good afternoon all,<br />I may have missed a post or an e-mail or a tweet or even a pigeon (!) on this topic; but has some new merchandise been issued by the Society? I see some new items doing the rounds and would like to know how to purchase them.<br />Thanks,<br />J.</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>Re: New Society Merchandise?</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/iws/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Sun Oct 05, 2014 8:28 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>paddy1</strong></div>
				<div class="content">Hi John<br /><br />The committee members recently purchased a number of items as a trial run.<br /><br />Each committee member selected what they wanted from a list and paid for them themselves.<br /><br />The white shirts worn by committee members at the Tullamore D.E.W. event on the 2nd October will not be available to the members.<br /><br />These shirts are only available for the committee, so the members can going forward identify the committee members and approach them with any questions.<br /><br />However, baseball caps, pins, hoodies, flat caps etc. are to be made available to purchase. <br /><br />Details to be confirmed.  <br /><br />The committee meets on the second Weds. of every month. A number of ongoing issues are also discussed outside these meetings via the committees group email.<br /><br />This will be discussed Weds.  8th at the next meeting.<br /><br />Will update you when details are finalised</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>Re: New Society Merchandise?</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/iws/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Mon Oct 06, 2014 8:13 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>John</strong></div>
				<div class="content">Hi Paddy1,<br />Many thanks for your reply.<br /><br />I have to say that I'm really not in favour of any form of 'two-tier' membership, we all pay the same subscription fee and tasting fees. Therefore, what's available to one should be available to all. As a founding member I know this was a central pillar of the original 'charter', so why such a change would emerge now is baffling and disappointing. <br /><br />Rather than wearing a differently coloured shirt as a way of letting the members know who they are, could I suggest a 'Contacts' page on the website with a photo, title and an overview of what each committee member is responsible for? I believe that would be a far more effective and focused approach; after all only a certain percentage of Society members get to attend the tastings each month and so the majority will still be unaware of who is who.<br /><br />Best regards,<br />John.</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>Re: New Society Merchandise?</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/iws/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Mon Oct 06, 2014 10:06 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>Good Whiskey Hunting</strong></div>
				<div class="content"><blockquote><div><cite>John wrote:</cite>Hi Paddy1,<br />Many thanks for your reply.<br /><br />I have to say that I'm really not in favour of any form of 'two-tier' membership, we all pay the same subscription fee and tasting fees. Therefore, what's available to one should be available to all. As a founding member I know this was a central pillar of the original 'charter', so why such a change would emerge now is baffling and disappointing. <br /><br />Rather than wearing a differently coloured shirt as a way of letting the members know who they are, could I suggest a 'Contacts' page on the website with a photo, title and an overview of what each committee member is responsible for? I believe that would be a far more effective and focused approach; after all only a certain percentage of Society members get to attend the tastings each month and so the majority will still be unaware of who is who.<br /><br />Best regards,<br />John.</div></blockquote><br /><br />Great suggestion John. I also think your right regarding the committee. Why cant name badges be giving out at the tastings and you write your name on them. They can then be used again at the next tasting. I was down in Dingle at the recent gathering there and nearly everyone had a badge, very handy.</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>Re: New Society Merchandise?</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/iws/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Mon Oct 06, 2014 11:39 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>paddy1</strong></div>
				<div class="content">Thanks for the feedback. It is very important to us.<br /><br />I totally agree with both of you.<br /><br />I would have said in a previous post about the Tullamore D.E.W. opening -<br /><br />&quot;the society was set up by its members for its members and everyone is equal&quot;.<br /><br />Nothing is finalised regarding the range of merchandise that will be made available to the members.<br /><br />As mentioned in my previous post this is still at discussion point.<br /><br />It is on the agenda for the next meeting.<br /><br />I will make the committee aware of your views on this matter.</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>Re: New Society Merchandise?</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/iws/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Sun Oct 12, 2014 5:58 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>John</strong></div>
				<div class="content">Hi Paddy1,<br />Can you let us know the outcome of the discussions that were had on this topic at last Wednesday's meeting please? Indeed is there any record available to the general membership of any topics discussed by the committee? <br />Thanks,<br />J.</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>Re: New Society Merchandise?</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/iws/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Mon Oct 13, 2014 1:34 am</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>paddy1</strong></div>
				<div class="content">Hi John<br /><br />A meeting is scheduled for next Wednesday. <br /><br />Last Wednesdays meeting was deferred. Apologies for that.<br /><br />I will revert as soon as I have some news.<br /><br />Minutes are taking at all meetings and then circulated to the committee.<br /><br />So everything is recorded. There is no secrets here. <br /><br />We are only slow to release info.. because  a lot of time and effort goes into organising these things and we don`t like releasing the info. until everything is confirmed. These things are organised with 3rd parties e.g. distillers, clothing companies etc. . Clothing lines, pricing etc. can change. Regarding the tastings the actual event can change due to circumstances beyond our control and event dates may have to be swapped.<br /><br />The clothes was a trial run, as previously mentioned.  The trial run took some time to organise. I would hope that a similar role out for the members would be quicker, but logistics of it etc., will take time also. <br /> <br />I don`t know the policy about making the minutes available to the members. I will have to put that on the agenda for the next meeting.<br /><br />I would just like to say John, that I am personally doing my best to keep you all up to date on society things.  <br /><br />If you want to know anything else, please ask and it will be passed onto the committee.<br /><br />I will then report back as soon as I have a response.<br /><br />You can also email Garry direct at president@[<span style="font-style: italic">Removed. Email addresses should never be posted in the clear on the web. It attracts spam.</span>]<br />He will revert a.s.a.p.<br /><br />Hope thats Ok with you.</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
			<div class="post">
				<h3>Re: New Society Merchandise?</h3>
				<div class="date"><img src="styles/iws/imageset/icon_post_target.gif" width="11" height="9" alt="Post" title="Post" />Posted: <strong>Tue Oct 21, 2014 2:21 pm</strong></div>
				<div class="author">by <strong>paddy1</strong></div>
				<div class="content">Hi all,<br /><br />The committee discussed your queries at the last meeting. Below is an update;<br /><br />1. Society merchandise for the members - a committee member is currently in discussions with the vendor regarding the options for payment and distribution. The committee will revert as soon as everything is confirmed.<br /><br />2. Committee and members interaction -  the committee going forward will keep the members informed via the forum and newsletter regarding committee meetings.</div>
			</div>
			<hr />
		
	</div>

<!--
	We request you retain the full copyright notice below including the link to www.phpbb.com.
	This not only gives respect to the large amount of time given freely by the developers
	but also helps build interest, traffic and use of phpBB3. If you (honestly) cannot retain
	the full copyright we ask you at least leave in place the "Powered by phpBB" line, with
	"phpBB" linked to www.phpbb.com. If you refuse to include even this then support on our
	forums may be affected.

	The phpBB Group : 2006
//-->
	<div id="page-footer">
		<div class="page-number">All times are UTC [ <abbr title="Daylight Saving Time">DST</abbr> ]<br />Page <strong>1</strong> of <strong>1</strong></div>
		<div class="copyright">Powered by phpBB &copy; 2000, 2002, 2005, 2007 phpBB Group<br />http://www.phpbb.com/</div>
	</div>
</div>

</body>
</html>